Add newly supported Intel GPUs (#168)
ubuntu/ubuntu-release-notes: docs/26.04/summary-for-lts-users.md

For more details refer to [NVIDIA's documentation](https://download.nvidia.com/XFree86/Linux-x86_64/570.133.07/README/dynamicboost.html).

### Support for new Intel® integrated and discrete GPUs

> This release brings full support for Intel® Core™ Ultra Xe2 and Xe3 integrated Intel® Arc™ graphics, as well as Intel® Arc™ B580, B570, Pro B50 and B60 “Battlemage” discrete GPUs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release brings full support for Intel® Core™ Ultra Xe2 and Xe3 integrated Intel® Arc™ graphics, as well as Intel® Arc™ B580 and B570; and Intel ® Arc™ Pro B50, B60, B65, and B70 “Battlemage” discrete GPUs.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's make it easier to read:
```suggestion
This release brings full support for the following Intel® Arc™ “Battlemage” and “Celestial” GPUs:

* Integrated:
  * Intel® Core™ Ultra Xe2 and Xe3
* Discrete:
  * Intel® Arc™ 5 B570 and B580
  * Intel® Arc™ Pro B50, B60, B65, and B70
```
